Trips
Mad Science
Barn Yard Buddies (petting zoo)- Ask Pastor
Westminster Choir who will come out to do Music. Sing along. Instruments

Schedule A (never hires floaters)- Spend that money. We can use them as subs

Food- Check out carson. Need a fridge

In the past, issue with dept of agriculture. She should be getting paid by agriculture. Food is her biggest expense. She should be getting that money back. Call the agriculture and get info. If it's a small amount, write it and pay it off. Get a total. Agriculture sends a report every month. We need to get them. Put me as a contact person to push them and get the amount to pay off. WEe need monthly sheets. We need to audit the amount owed originally, see how we should have been paid. 

Agriculture does not reimburse for kids absent. Every quarter, she takes 3 monthly reports, take 3 bills for monthly food costs, and if there is a deficit, I send it to food.

Get mel to meet with us next Thursday: food program, 


Squirrel money away. Open a savings account in BOA to transfer money when need it.

If we don't spend all of the one time payment, then we may not get a jube check.

Xavier will want the exact amounts for salaries.

You can prepay insurance. Use this for projections.

State form that comes in July goes to Paychex. Disability. It's a blue form. 

Write checks in QB on the date that the check was written. 


They prefer Indirect to direct. Get the floaters, spend tech, more money on the classrooms. Assist family and food workers.

Tericita and Zoidet. Very questionable. We can get in a lot of trouble. Replace them. Liability, potential for audit and fines. Board 

Understand the 11th payment. Why is there an extra payment? Anne will call Jim

Mel: How does she take her "for profit" 1. take it out as a straight out check and would be 1099. Or she would run it through payroll and run it through the profit line. 

Figure out how to utilize more money for the Kindles, Ipads for staff.

If we hired anyone with experience, we pay step 1 and then we pay an advance to cover the diff.

BOA 7433 She uses for everything

7420 is where taxes go

Clear it with her Mel to see 
Schedule A salaries
Balance the bank reconciliation and credit card statements
Flash drive with histrorical documents

For next week:
Get ahold of Mel bc it asks questions.
Amex User Melodylynn2 PW Melody540
BOA Marythomas2 PW Mccullough1930
Paychex- I already have access.
Amazon-I need access to it. 
Ask Sparks credit card and if she uses it, we need the bills to get expenses in. 
Print AMEX and Bank Statem
ents from Mel


09/19/25 Meeting with Anne:

For the first Pay we will post Melody's pay to the normal director spot in QB. We will need to know the exact date that she stepped down. 

Schedule A (Adjustment)
How can we figure out how to pay Belinda ??? -Need Mel
Print AMEX for 07/15 08/15 and 09/15 > Current 
Work on other 2 bank reconciliation 
-Anne will email what we need.


10:00am 10/2/25

Have Paychex to add a separate check to the payments owed. 
We need to do additional things like parties, donuts, bagels, holiday parties. Take care of the teachers. Look to give X amount dollars per month to spend on classroom materials and supplies. 
Lists . memorized 

Banking. use registered. select the CHK split (this allows for you to adjust if I mess up the date for the payroll journals).

12/4/25 Mel:
Mel always used above and beyond or not limited to. Jessica has been warned for years. She has been on labor dispute calals and she never provides documentation. Any and all evidence (we need supporting documentation). She is only required to pay for the actual time for time worked. You can always leave, but you will not be paid. If people do not choose to perform in their manner, she will 



